# max-gpt
OpenAI's ChatGPT integration with 3ds Max

# Overview
This is simply a proof-of-concept for integrating ChatGPT AI into 3ds Max.
This is a proof-of-concept integration of ChatGPT into Unity Editor. 

# How do I install it?
You have two options as listed below...

1. Download the git repo and place the `max-gpt` folder it into your 3ds Max Applications Plugins directory
ex. `C:\ProgramData\Autodesk\ApplicationPlugins\max-gbt` Then restart 3ds Max. You'll find the maxscript `MaxGPT` under the JokerMartini category.

2. Download the git repo and append the directory path pointing to the location of the max-gpt folder to the environment variable `ADSK_APPLICATION_PLUGINS`.
ex. `C:\Users\jmartini\Documents\github\downloads` (max-gpt located inside folder). Then restart 3ds Max. You'll find the maxscript `MaxGPT` under the JokerMartini category.


# How to try it
You have to generate an API key to use the ChatGPT API. Please generate it on your account page and then copy/paste the api key into this tools Settings dialog.

You can open the AI Command window from Window > AI Command.

# System requirements
3ds Max 2022 or later
`openai` module

# Frequently asked questions
Is this tool reliable?

Definitely not! The code generated by ChatGPT is not always going to reliably create successful code. But it's fun to give it a shot. If it fails, simply click the execute button again and OpenAI will generate another set of code and in some cases it's successful.

# Can i use this in commercial work.
Use it however you want.


# Inspiration

## unity
- https://github.com/keijiro/AICommand

## blender
- https://github.com/gd3kr/BlenderGPT
